LICENSING & TERMS OF USE
The resources on Codrops can be used freely in personal and commercial projects if integrated and built upon. Please note, that most of the tutorials and development resources are experimental and not ready for production, but made for demonstration purpose only. You don’t have to link back to us if it vitiates your work but we appreciate a reference to us if possible. You are allowed to create templates from the resources on Codrops if, again, you integrate them and build upon them. You are not allowed to take our work “as-is” and sell it, redistribute it or re-publish it. If you want to publish or sell extensions or ports (including WordPress plugins) out of our work, please contact us and ask for permission first. We’d like to see what’s being done and evaluate each request because we’ve had cases of people paying lots of money for otherwise free things. Please, respect the licenses of the resources (audio, video or images) that we often use in the demos of our tutorials and scripts. We always indicate the license in the article and link to the owner/creator in both, article and demo. If you write about some of our work we would like you to add a link back to us. You are free to copy excerpts but please do not copy entire articles (e.g. RSS feed scraping), we put our heart into this work. Don’t re-publish our demos and our ZIP files, and don’t link directly to any ZIP file, link to the article instead. Please contact us, if you’d like to translate articles and re-publish them. Summarized, use it freely, integrate it, make it your own, but don’t copy and paste our work and sell it or claim that it’s yours, stay fair. Thank you for visiting Codrops, we hope you enjoy our work and find it useful!